Update system reserved config steps (#910)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/config_entries_config_flow_handler.md

| Step name   | Description                                                                                                                                                   |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `discovery` | Invoked if your integration has been discovered and the matching step has not been defined.             |

Reviewer: Implementing this step directly in new integrations is deprecated.

Author: 😕 The current description is still wrong?
Should this not be marked deprecated in the core docstring?
https://github.com/home-assistant/core/blob/e1a3ef3d6988bd2d31e7cabe5ef5cbd131238089/homeassistant/config_entries.py#L1237-L1242

Reviewer: We could do that.

| `dhcp`      | Invoked if your integration has been discovered via DHCP as specified [using `dhcp` in the manifest](creating_integration_manifest.md#dhcp).             |

> | `hassio`    | Invoked if your integration has been discovered via HASS IO add-on.

Reviewer: We call it Supervisor now.
```suggestion
| `hassio`    | Invoked if your integration has been discovered via a Supervisor add-on.
```
